# Game Off 2023: Kiwi's Adventure - Dungeon Slider

After a long journey, treasure hunter Kiwi arrives at the final destination of his adventure carrying only his poncho and loads of cuteness. Kiwi traverses through the ominous temple ruins when he steps on a trap, a giant boulder falls from the ceiling and threatens to crush him! But luckily he manages to get inside the treasure room in time, not so luckily he gets trapped there in the process. In the center of the room he finds a cube-shaped treasure chest with some intricate designs on one sides. While looking around, he spots a small balcony carved into the squares that cover the sides of the chest, and he finds himself shrunk and standing on the chest's balcony! The intricate square tiles on the chest turn out to be a continuation of the dungeon, a final test stands between him and his treasure.

Kiwi's Adventure is a 3D dungeon crawler and platformer where the player has to interact in two scales: Normal and small. The big picture lets you slide and rotate several tile pieces (which are rooms made in a modular design) to create paths and unlock mechanisms to get access to your precious treasure. But to unlock the chest itself, you'll have to traverse the tiles in the small view: Kiwi crosses the threshold to the chest's sides and while being small he can explore the rooms themselves. Combining the two scales, normal (to put the room modules in the correct order) and small (to traverse the platform dungeon within the chest) will allow Kiwi to succeed in his quest.
